# Neuromorphic Control of a Pendulum

This readme provides the code and the non-dimensionalised simulation parameters for the L-CSS paper 'Neuromorphic Control of a Pendulum'. 

This repository is the version dated 30th May 2024. Please refer to https://github.com/RJZS/neuromorphic-pendulum-control in case of any updates.

## Code
Each script generates the data for a figure. This data is saved in a `.jld` file, and the figure itself is generated by the script `generate_figs_nondimensionalised.jl` (with the exception of Fig. 8, which is generated directly in the script).

The data for Fig. 6 was generated using the adaptive controller, and is stored directly in `generate_figs_nondimensionalised.jl`.

The script `misc_adaptivecontrol_tuning_continuous` contains an alternative adaptive controller that is not event-based (this is not included in the paper). See also `misc_adaptivecontrol_freqonly.jl` for a similar controller that only tunes frequency.

## Parameters
All simulations have $g_f^- = 2$ and $g_s^+ = 1.6$. The intra-HCO synapes have gain $g_\rm{syn,ij} = -0.2$ and the inter-HCO synapses have gain $g_\rm{syn,ij} = \pm 0.04$.

### Figure 2 - An HCO and its motor

$g_{us}^+ = 2.36$

We set $g_s^-$ to 1.05 for the lower burst size, and to 1.8 for the higher burst size.

### Fig 3 - Network Simulation

$g_s^- = 1.05$ and $g_{us}^+ = 1.75$

### Fig 5 - Overdamped Regime (Small Oscillations)

Top:       $g_s^- = 1.05$ and $g_{us}^+ = 1.73$

Middle:  $g_s^- = 1.35$ and $g_{us}^+ = 2.45$

Bottom: $g_s^- = 1.80$ and $g_{us}^+ = 3.52$

### Fig 7 - Underdamped Regime (Bistability)

 $g_s^- = 1.05$ and $g_{us}^+ = 1.75$

Initial conditions: $q(0) = 0$, $\dot{q}(0) = 0$ for large oscillations and $q(0) = 1, \dot{q}(0) = 0$ for small oscillations.

### Fig 9 - Phase Control

 $g_s^- = 1.05$ and $g_{us}^+ = 1.75$

### Fig 10 - Adaptive Control

Recall that the corrections $p_\omega$ and $p_A$ are proportional to the prediction errors. Note that the constant of proportionality was chosen differently for each simulation (that is, for each value of $A_\rm{ref}$).